# Unity2D-Node
Unity2D Object similar to Sprite from Cocos2dx

Not a mature tool

I.Node

Inherits from Monobehavior

How to get a Node:
1.Signify a Unity class inheriting from Node.
2.Attach the script to an object to allow single uses.  

What it can do:
1.Run Actions like Action in cocos2dx.
2.Invoke functions as the standard "Invoke" does but allows parameters for functions.Also works for lambdas.

How it works:
  The actions and functions would be sealed in the Event class(defined in Actions).
  Each Node owns a ListArray of Event.Each item is checked every frame and executed by the preset conditions.
  You can add events with schedule(Event evnt), in which Event can be generated by invoking the Actions class.
  
II.Actions

Works mainly through delegate
All the methods are static

Delegates:

    public delegate void Action();
    public delegate void Func(Node node);
    public delegate bool Exit();
    public delegate Vector2 Move(float t);
    public delegate float Rotate(float t);
    
Functions:
        
    public static Event callFunc(Action action, float delay = 0f, int times = 1)
        //Invokes a function in /delay/ for /times/ times, where the action is usually a lambda.  
        
    public static Event delay(float time)
        //Do nothing for /time/, as an assistance for sequence().
    
    public static Event setVelocity(Vector2 velocity, float delay = 0f)
    public static Event setVelocity(Move move, bool resetTick = false, float delay = 0f)
        //Resets the volecity.

III.Conditon:

